# Predicting-Future-Hashtags
Social media has shown fast growth in the past few years. Nowadays, social media is not just a place for people to socialise. Instead these days it is also attracting researchers to have a better cognisance about its fundamental working. Real-time micro-blogging services such as twitter use some metadata tags or hashtags(starting with ‘#’) which allows users to apply some tags to their messages or content so that other users can easily find the content in which they are interested. This project mainly focuses on hashtags which can possibly trend on social media in the next few hours. The idea behind the prediction of hashtags works on the fact that online news platforms try to give their readers a quick update on current events and news. And people share their views and opinions on social media and apply some tags to it. Indirectly we focused on the essential keywords in the online news articles. So the notion behind the prediction of hashtags is to monitor some esteemed news platforms and extract some keywords from their content and articles that might be relevant to current events and result in future trending hashtags. For that, we apply some state of the art algorithms to those extracted keywords and use some clustering techniques to rank them according to their priorities. After that to find the exact keyword, we can use Twitter’s API to extract actual tweets related to those keywords and their hashtags too. Trends on social media are so frequently changed that it’s hard to track every one of them and effectively carry out classification of clusters. So we used frequency-based clustering so that results do not vary while new articles are added on news platforms.  
